We'll come back.
As developers we know that the Internet as we know it is at the end of the day submarine cables land
wires satellites signal towers that allow us to connect to other computers.
And this is something that we have discussed already in my previous scores.
The one clear thing about this fact is that every time we open up the browser and visit a Web site we
have to send a request somewhere to a server to get the files off of that computer and back all the
way to us.
So the browser can display the web page using those files.
The fact that we can almost instantly type google.com and get a web page is honestly a miracle.
So in this video let's talk about how to improve this process to make sure that you maximize this network
performance.
Luckily for us there are nice and easy to mean things we can do to make sure we are doing it right.
I like to call these two main factors.
Honey I shrunk the files and the traveling delivery man.
Before you make fun of me for not naming this properly you should know that one.
I thought this was hilarious when I was writing the script for the video and to trust me you won't forget
these two by the end of this video this way.
Anyway back to being Seer's.
Remember to view a web page your computer has to download all the related files from the server to display
them in the browser.
The more kilobytes a user needs to download the longer it takes to load the website.
We also have to carry these files across the Internet.
So the less work we involve here the better our website performance.
So let's talk about the first one.
Honey I shrunk the files.
All right.
How do you reduce the size of your sites files.
Well pretty simple rate.
By minimizing the tax files like a shemale CSSA and Javascript and by optimizing images and using smaller
images when your site is viewed on a smaller screen size.
For example therefore there is less data we need to transfer over the wire.
I like to think of it like this.
It's like putting your website on a cleansing diet and make sure everything is nice and small.
Now the first three files the minimize text it's quite easy.
A simple java script and CSSA can be simply magnified by taking the code that you have and using something
like ugly file.
Yes.
Let me show you over here we have an online version of ugly file.
And what it does is let's say if I have a function here you can see that it's parsing it in real time.
But if I have a function that says say hello
and let's say that this function just simply does a nice console log.
And Lou you can see over here that it's minimizing the output so it's removing the whitespace and making
it a lot smaller.
This shows us that it saved 45 bytes and saved thirty eight point three six percent.
Very cool.
So you can do something like this for a steam mill and see Asus.
Let's go back to the slide and we can use something like ugly.
Yes because machines are reading the code.
They don't care about indentation or good names and functions by many filing these files and removing
the whitespace.
You remove some bytes and make file smaller.
Easy peasy right.
By the way people used to do this manually just like I showed you on the web site but now this is part
of what we called a build process when an app is ready for production.
We'll use something like wetback to minimize all of these files and make them smaller.
But don't worry we'll learn more about this and the wetback video.
Now let's talk about the second one a little bit tougher because images are a little bit more complex.
Well I shouldn't say more complex but this is often the easiest thing to improve on your website and
also the most commonly misused to slow down your upset.
So let's talk a little bit more about this in the next video.
I'll see in that one.
Bebai.